Reword and add uniformity to Standard Library documentation (#4464)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/generic.rst

-----------

> .. note::

Author: I think using an admonition could be best to avoid duplicated documentation in unneeded places, see this for inspiration on `datetime.rst` @raddevon

    In EdgeQL, any value can be compared to another as long as they are
    both the same type.

.. eql:operator:: eq: anytype = anytype -> bool

>     Compares two values of :eql:type:`anytype` for equality.

Reviewer: This could be read to mean that you can compare any two values regardless of type. I see the note at the top, but it would be nice to encapsulate that here, and that might even obviate the need for the note altogether.
```suggestion
    Compares two values of compatible types for equality.
```

I would suggest this phrasing be applied globally to the comparison operators.

Might be nice to follow the existing examples with a couple showing attempts to compare values of incompatible types (bool = integer or string = number). This could also be applied to the other comparison operators.

>     This reuslts in a :eql:type:`bool`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This results in a :eql:type:`bool`:
```

.. eql:operator:: neq: anytype != anytype -> bool

>     Compares two values of :eql:type:`anytype` for inequality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Compares two values of compatible types for inequality.
```

.. eql:operator:: coaleq: optional anytype ?= optional anytype -> bool

>     Compares two potentially empty values of :eql:type:`anytype` for equality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Compares two compatible but potentially empty values for equality.
```

Mirror for 126-127.

.. eql:operator:: coalneq: optional anytype ?!= optional anytype -> bool

    Compares two potentially empty values of :eql:type:`anytype` for
    inequality.

    This works the same as a negated :eql:op:`\!= <neq>` operator, but also

>     allows comparing an empty ``{}`` set. Two empty sets are considered equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    allows comparing an empty set (``{}`` ). Two empty sets are considered
    equal.
```

.. eql:operator:: coalneq: optional anytype ?!= optional anytype -> bool

>     Compares two potentially empty values of :eql:type:`anytype` for
>     inequality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Compares two compatible potentially empty values for inequality.
```

.. eql:operator:: lt: anytype < anytype -> bool

>     Performs a less than value comparison with two valeues of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces true for two compatible values if the left is the smaller value.
```

Would like to style `true` here as syntax, but I think not doing so is a reasonable compromise to have an definition that fits within our space constraints. Open to other suggestions.

>     :eql:type:`anytype`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     This results in a :eql:type:`bool` of ``true`` if the left operand

Reviewer: With part of this now encompassed in the one-liner, this can probably mirror the others.

```suggestion
    This results in a :eql:type:`bool`:
```

>     is less than the the right operand:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. eql:operator:: gt: anytype > anytype -> bool

>     Performs a greater than value comparison with two values of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces true for two compatible values if the left is the larger value.
```

>     :eql:type:`anytype`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     This results in a :eql:type:`bool` of ``true`` if the left operand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This results in a :eql:type:`bool`:
```

>     is greater than the the right operand:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. eql:operator:: lteq: anytype <= anytype -> bool

>     Produces true for two compatible values if the left one is equal or
>     smaller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces true for two compatible values if the left is equal or smaller.
```

Sorry. Didn't realize I had exceeded the line length on these.

.. eql:operator:: lteq: anytype <= anytype -> bool

>     Performs a less than/equals comparison with two values of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces true for two compatible values if the left one is equal or smaller.
```

>     :eql:type:`anytype`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     This results in a :eql:type:`bool` of ``true`` if the left operand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This results in a :eql:type:`bool`:
```

>     is less than or the same value as the right operand:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. eql:operator:: gteq: anytype >= anytype -> bool

>     Produces true for two compatible values if the left one is equal or
>     greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces true for two compatible values if the left is equal or greater.
```

.. eql:operator:: gteq: anytype >= anytype -> bool

>     Performs a greater than/equals comparison with two values of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces true for two compatible values if the left one is equal or greater.
```

>     :eql:type:`anytype`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     This results in a :eql:type:`bool` of ``true`` if the left operand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This results in a :eql:type:`bool`:
```

>     is greater than or the same value as the right operand:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    :index: length count array

>     Returns an :eql:type:`int64` of counted values within a type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns a count of a given value's constituents.
```

- This doesn't return anything about a type but rather about a value _of_ that type.
- The type of the return value doesn't need to be in the one-liner.

    This function works with the :eql:type:`str`, :eql:type:`bytes` and

>     :eql:type:`array` types. Strings and bytes will return a scalar value:

Reviewer: It will return a scalar value for all types, right? If you wanted to bring the return type out of the signature and repeat it in another location, you could replace that sentence with something like "It will return the count as an int64," and I feel like that would be more specific and more useful. I would lean toward omitting it altogether.

```suggestion
    :eql:type:`array` types:
```

    :index: find strpos strstr position array

>     Returns :eql:type:`bool` for whether a ``haystack`` set has a ``needle``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns true if the given sub-value exists within the given value.
```

Keeping `true` as plain text here for consistency with the earlier comparison operators.

>     value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     When the ``haystack`` is a :eql:type:`str` or :eql:type:`bytes` type,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the *haystack* is a :eql:type:`str` or :eql:type:`bytes` value, this
```
- Use `*` for parameters to remain with our current convention
- haystack may only be a value not a type

>     this function will return ``true`` if it contains ``needle`` as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    function will return ``true`` if it contains ``needle`` as a subsequence
```

>     subsequence within it, and ``false`` otherwise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    within it or ``false`` otherwise:
```
"or" to better reflect this is an alternative

        db> select contains(b'qwerty', b'42');
        {false}

    When *haystack* is an :eql:type:`array`, the function will return ``true``
    if the array contains the element specified as *needle* or ``false``
    otherwise:

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

        db> select contains([2, 5, 7, 2, 100], 2);
        {true}

    When *haystack* is a :ref:`range <ref_std_range>`, the function will return

>     ``true`` if it contains either the specified sub-range or element, or

Reviewer: I think I will break this up a little differently to work around it. I find it a little confusing using "and" in a case where two alternatives are mutually exclusive.

>     ``true`` if it contains either the specified sub-range or element, or

Reviewer: Does this work?

```rest
    When *haystack* is a :ref:`range <ref_std_range>`, the function will return
    ``true`` if it contains either the specified sub-range or element. The
    function will return ``false`` otherwise.
```

        db> select contains(b'qwerty', b'42');
        {false}

>     When ``haystack`` is an :eql:type:`array` type, this will return ``true``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When *haystack* is an :eql:type:`array`, the function will return ``true``
```

>     if the array contains the specified element and ``false`` otherwise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if the array contains the element specified as *needle* or ``false``
    otherwise:
```

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

        db> select contains([2, 5, 7, 2, 100], 2);
        {true}

>     When ``haystack`` is a :ref:`range <ref_std_range>`, this will return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When *haystack* is a :ref:`range <ref_std_range>`, the function will return
```

>     ``true`` if it contains either the specified sub-range or element, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``true`` if it contains either the specified sub-range or element, or
```

    :index: find strpos strstr position array

>     Returns the index of an element in a ``haystack`` set by the ``needle``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the index of a given sub-value in a given value.
```

>     value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     When ``haystack`` is a :eql:type:`str` or :eql:type:`bytes` type, this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When *haystack* is a :eql:type:`str` or :eql:type:`bytes` value, the
```

>     will return the index of the first (as well as only) occurring ``needle``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    function will return the index of the first occurrence of *needle* in it.
```

>     in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     When ``haystack`` is an :eql:type:`array`, return the index of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When *haystack* is an :eql:type:`array`, this will return the index of the
```

>     the first occurrence of the specific *needle* element. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the first occurrence of the element passed as *needle*. For
```

Reviewer: We should also change line 346 for consistency. We have been using a future tense to talk about what functions will return given a parameter (at least, we have been using that tense fairly consistently outside the one-liners). That line could read 
```
If the *needle* is not found, this function will return ``-1``.
```
